EASY HOMEMADE PESTO

INGREDIENTS:

1 cup fresh basil leaves
3 cloves garlic, peeled
3 tablespoons pine nuts
1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
1/3 cup olive oil

DIRECTIONS:

To make the pesto, combine basil, garlic, pine nuts and Parmesan in the bowl of a food processor; season with salt and pepper, to taste. With the motor running, add olive oil in a slow stream until emulsified; set aside.

Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.


Ingredients
For the pasta
225g/8oz ‘00’ flour, plus 15g/½oz extra for dusting
2 free-range eggs
35g/1¼oz rose harissa
good pinch salt
For the sauce
glug olive oil
4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
200g/7oz white crab meat
75g/2½oz fresh peas
50g/1¾oz butter
2 small preserved lemons, thinly sliced into round discs, seeds discarded
1 lemon, zest only
25g chervil, roughly chopped
50g/1¾oz skinless pistachios , roughly chopped
freshly ground black pepper
Method
To mkae the paste, put all theingredients into a mixing bowl and mixture together until all the liquid has been absorbed by flour. Gather and knead the mixture into smooth dough. Add a little extra flour and knead it for a few minutes, pulling and stretching the dough to activate the gluten. Cover the dough in cling film and put in the fridge for 30 minutes.

Dust a clean surface with ‘00’ flour and feed the dough through the pasta maker on the thickest setting and then repeat on the thinner setting until the pasta is thin and smooth.

Choose your preferred setting for either tagliatelle or linguine/spaghetti and pass the pasta through the cutters to make your chosen pasta.

Heat a good glug of olive oil in a frying pan placed over a medium heat and soften the garlic gently, without colouring, for a few minutes. Add the crab meat and warm through for a few minutes. Add the peas and season with salt and pepper.

Add the butter and coat the pasta. Add the preserved lemons, lemon zest and pistachios and stir through. Remove from heat, stir in the chervil and serve.

