ALMOND DATE TRUFFLES // Makes 18 

I'm not sure who to give the credit for this idea - there are versions all over the internet for these vegan/gluten free treats. Below are my measurements but cheers to the mystery person who invented this combo. 

Some dates can be super dry and hard, but for this recipe, you want to try to get your hands on some that are plump and slightly glossy, with no crystalized sugar on the surface. I get really have good luck at Costco or Trader Joes. You can taste the good quality cocoa here, so while a bit pricier, I like Scharffen Berger or Valrhona.

20 Medjool dates, seeded and halved
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/3 cup creamy almond butter
1/3 cup unsweetened shredded coconut
1/3 cup plus 1 Tbsp. natural cocoa powder
1/2 tsp. sea salt
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/3 cup toasted almonds, well chopped
Put the dates and vanilla in a food processor and run until a chunky paste forms. Add the almond butter and pulse a few more times. Add the coconut, cocoa powder, salt and cinnamon and pulse a few more times. The mixture should be a tad crumbly, but press between your fingers and stick together. If it seems too wet to hold in a ball, add more coconut, if too dry, add a touch more almond butter or a spash of water. 

Roll a heaping Tbsp. of the mixture between your palms to form a ball. Repeat with remaining mixture. Put your chopped almonds on a plate and roll each truffle in the almonds (apply a bit of pressure to get them to adhere). Place the plate in the fridge to chill for at least an hour. Truffles will keep covered in the fridge for a couple weeks. 
Doro Wot
Ethiopian Spicy Chicken and Hard Boiled Egg Stew
or Ethiopian Red Chicken Stew

Easy To Follow Instructions for Doro Wot - Ethiopian's Favorite Food - 3 Different Methods

Measurements and Ingredients
2 pounds skinless chicken legs

Lemon juice

2 large red onions, finely chopped (depending on serving size upto 2 kg onions)

1 1/2 cups berbere (Ethiopian spice mixture which includes chile pepper, garlic, ginger, dried basil, Ethiopian cardamom,

black and white pepper,

Fenugreek and rue, a bitter shrub)

1 cup Niter Kibbeh (Ethiopian Spiced Butter)

1/2 cup fresh garlic, finely ground

1/2 cup fresh ginger, finely ground

6 peeled hard-boiled eggs

Salt

Injera bread, for serving

Niter Kibbeh (Ethiopian Spiced Butter)
6 pounds unsalted butter

1/3 cup bishop seed (also known as ajwain, similar to thyme)

1/3 cup cardamom seeds

1/3 cup black cumin

1/3 cup koseret (dried woodsy flavored herb, dried

Oregano can be substituted)

Injera (Fermented Sourdough Bread)
1 1/2 pounds teff flour

1/2 pound barley flour

1/4 cup wheat flour


Preparation Method
To make Ethiopians most celebrated dish, you start by washing and soaking the chicken in cold water with lemon squeezed into it for 30 minutes.

The main reason for doing this is to tenderize the meat as well as to remove any harmful bacteria.